Zadanie 1
1. The novel was too difficult for me to understand.
2. Mike is still cleaning the bathroom.
3. Shall we try contacting him at home?
4. You should have told your mother about your problems.
5. As Steve hates working outdoors in winter, he has the neighbour shovel the snow for him.
6. The woman I saw you with, is my sister.
7. He was kind to offer putting us up for the night.
8. They are to see the headmaster next week. (they are seeing - more social, less duty)
9. I'd rather you told us what really happened that night.
10. 
11. All students took the exam except Henry.
12. The boy said he wouldn't eat porridge.
13. I'll be looking after you until your mother is present.
14. If Mary went to the staff meeting, she would know how to tackle this problem.
15. She is thought to be going out with her best friends father.
Zadanie 2
1. William wishes he was good at cooking.
2. As soon as you clean my room, you can borrow my tape recorder.
3. Alan was suprised to see that his puppy fell asleep on his slippers.
4. Drinking mineral water is said to be a good way to get rid of health problems.
5. Only on Sunday did we know about the accident.
6. It was 
7. Marion suggested to me bleaching these table clothes.
8. The extraordinary quality of her literary style hasn't been analysed yet.
9. Maggie can't have hit your daughter deliberately.
10. We have already had our room painted.
11. I wish you tried to work out the meaning of the passage on your own, instead of asking me for help all the time.
12. It is not 
13. They do not allow children bringing their favourite toys.
14. Daniel prefers reading broadsheets to enjoying tabloid gossip.
15. He is one of the most succesful scholars in the country.
Zadanie 3
1. Supposing your wife decided to move out, what would you do?
2. She is not inly intelligent, but also pretty.
3. It was not warm enough to go out.
4. In spite of being a talented musician, she has not managed to win the competition.
5. I was made to clean the floor with my toothbrush.
6. The older my cat gets, the more playful she becomes.
7. He sneaks out of the office in order to meet his lover.
8. Herbie asked me what were my plans for the following day.
9. But for her interfering in the manager's strategy, she would be still working in this company. 
10. I am not used to/accustomed to eating rice with chopsticks.
11. Heavy snow made it impossible to drive.
12. Emma did not deserve being praised for a paper she didn't write herself.
13. A lot of money is all she needs, not love!
14. Celia doesn't mind working long hours.
15. Until you tell me your story, I will not be able to help you.



Napisz rozprawkę, w której wyrazisz swoją opinię na temat pomysłu redukcji produkcji mięsa w celu ochrony środowiska.
+ reduced production of carbon and methan, stopping global warming 
+ lower cost of producing plants instead of meat
+ 
- meat enjoyers would be dissapointed, social protests because of changing the habits
- many people will lose their jobs, 
- meat is the main source of protein, without meat people would try to replace it, unhealthy



Watch Apocalypse cow

Jutro: letter!


